docs: Update guides to production with SASL/TLS (#1239)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/manage/kubernetes/troubleshooting/troubleshoot.mdx

If you're using rpk, make sure to include the `--tls-enabled`, `--admin-api-tls-truststore`, and `--api-urls` flags.

For all available flags, see the [rpk command reference](../../../../reference/rpk).

## UPGRADE FAILED: cannot patch "redpanda" with kind StatefulSet

> This error appears when you run `helm upgrade` without overriding all your previous value overrides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error appears when you run `helm upgrade` when using the `--values` flag but not including all of your overrides.
```
